# Autonomous waiter
##### Technology:
- Python
- numpy

##### The environment (restaurant):
- There is 2D grid that represents restaurant:
    - 0 means empty floor
    - 1 means wall
    - 2-9 tables numbered from 0 to 7
- Customers come to restaurant at
  random and take random tables
- There exists markov network
  describing probability of each
  dish being ordered form menu
- menu consists of a few menu items
  and each of them consists of 3 chemical
  elements in different mass ratios
- clients consume their meals by using some
  chemical elements and producing others
  E.g. 2O + 3N -> 5C
- each client has it's tolerance threshold for each element.
  For example when there is too much Oxygen,
  they stop eating and leave.
- Table needs to be cleared (from leftover chemicals) before
  new customer can come.

##### Agent (Waiter)
- uses linear regression to learn thresholds of each customer.
  Then uses this knowledge to try to guess when customer is
  close to finishing their meal. Training data is generated randomly
  by simulating agents coming, eating, and leaving as they please.
  There is also added some random noise to make the training harder and
  more resembling real-life scenarios.
- uses A* algorithm to find path to table with client that is
  closes to finishing their meal.
  Waiter sees world as a matrix of integers
- when waiter reaches any table, it cleans it,
  allowing new customers to come.
- waiter is also meant to suggest
  customers other meals they might like.
  The training data is generated based on markov network.
  (But the actual network is never given, instead we are
  just presented with sample orders generated by it)

## Route planning

Autonomous waiter moves on 2D grid by performing 3 types of actions:

 - turn left
 - turn right
 - move forward
 
If waiter reaches any table, it will be automatically served 
(sing recommendations generated with probabilistic algorithm ). 
Target table is chosen based on likelihood of finishing meal, 
noticed by waiter.



